hi everybody barber V here with another
drive-by video and i'm at the Emerald
City writers conference in Seattle today
I'm with Kathryn Khloe Cahoon and her
new book meeting European men you have
to see this book and you have to talk to
this wonderful woman she's got a great
story so Kathryn tell us a little bit
about your book well my book is a
combination of dating relationship and
travel and it includes lots of true man
reading stories about me and my friends
and to give you all a better idea of
what it's like this girl got my book
right at the launch read it and sent me
the cutest email last night describing
it as sex in the city goes to the Travel
Channel except i was telling barbara
this but you definitely don't have to
wear designer dresses stilettos and look
perfect like the women in Sex in the
City to alert in the euro men and this
is these are true stories correct
they're all true story which makes it
even more fun and you have more news too
don't you to share yes I am working on
the movie adaptation right now and we've
completed the first 20 pages it's been a
really amazing process well let me ask
you a question I don't know if you've
gotten yet because I just thought of it
now but who do you see in any of the
roles have you imagined any actors in
any of these roles people ask me that
all the time and I honestly really don't
know because the producers want the main
character being the writer so
representing me and that's so weird to
think you don't think Katherine Heigl
know that is that's what I'm thinking
flattering I someone like that to play
me
so but i don't know i'll let i'll let
them beside well thanks for talking to
us and be sure to pick up her book
meeting European man it looks terrific
I'm actually wondering about the guy
with the surfboard walking down the
street but so it's Barbara be signing
off from Seattle